Terms of Use
1. All softwares provided by Ahsay Systems Corporation is on an "as is" basis with no warranties of any kind and Ahsay Systems Corporation will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use.Ahsay Systems Corporation further disclaims all warranties, express and implied, including without limitation, any implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
2. Ahsay Systems Corporation grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free, limited license to use the binary form of the software provided by Ahsay Systems Corporation for personal use only. Redistribution of programs owned by Ahsay Systems Corporation, unless explicitly granted by Ahsay Systems Corporation , is strictly prohibited.
3. All content included on this site, including text, graphics, logos, button icons, images and software, is the property of Ahsay Systems Corporation or its content suppliers and is protected by international copyright laws. All program used on this site is the property of Ahsay Systems Corporation or its software suppliers and protected by international copyright laws. Any attempt of reverse engineering, disassembly, or decompilation of programs, unless it is explicitly permitted, is prohibited by law.
4. Ahsay Systems Corporation may send notices to you via either email or regular mail. Ahsay Systems Corporation may also provide notices of changes to the terms or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices to you generally on the services provided by Ahsay Systems Corporation.
5. While it is not Ahsay Systems Corporation's intent to monitor your online communications, Ahsay Systems Corporation reserves the right to edit or remove content that we become aware of and determine to be harmful or offensive to the general public. Termination or suspension of your account may be resulted as a consequence to the violation of this rule.
6. The integrity of this system relies on proper use of email as message passing media. The use of the email system, directly or indirect as a spamming tool, or other than it is intended, is prohibited.
7. "Ahsay Systems Corporation" reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the services (or any part thereof) with or without notice.
8. You are expected not to use the services provided by Ahsay Systems Corporation for any unlawful activities not otherwise covered above, including but not limited to, attempting to compromise the security of any networked account, a site or a country. Appropriate legal procedures will be pursued when Ahsay Systems Corporation is aware of any of these activities
9. Ahsay Systems Corporation shall not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages (including damages for loss of business, loss of profits, loss of backup data, or the like), whether based on breach of contract, tort (including negligence), product liability or otherwise, even if Ahsay Systems Corporation or its representatives have been advised of the possibility of such damages and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
10. Users are the ones who have the knowledge of their encrypting keys. They have the sole responsibility to make sure their encrypting keys are kept in a safe and secure place. Ahsay Systems Corporation shall not be liable for any damages (including damages for not able to restore backup data or the disclosure of confidential information) resulting from loss/corruption/compromise of this key.
Ahsay Systems Corporation respects your privacy. We assure you that we do not collect personal information from you unless you provide it to us. However, we may collect and analyse system information from your machine for customer support, troubleshooting, debugging and other software development purposes. In no circumstances shall Ahsay Systems Corporation sell or provide any of these information to any other third parties.
